---
published: true
title: Significative transits of the moment
layout: post
---
- Transit Pluto opposite to natal Uranus (in my sixth house, the everyday work): " During this period of time you’re extremely restless to make changes in your life that allow you more freedom, ... One problem during this time is extreme over-reaction, with an all-or-nothing approach to every problem. There’s also the possibility that these powerful external forces may be pushing you to make changes you don’t feel ready to make. ... be careful of launching campaigns to effect sweeping changes, as your success will depend more on the forces around you than your own extremely determined efforts. " 
[>> http://www.thefutureminders.com/Pluto-transits/pluto-opposition-uranus.cfm]

- Transit Neptune trine to my natal Mercury (in my fifth house, the field of creativity]: "You may arrive at answers without much effort, and too much analysis generally is ineffective, as you benefit from thinking with no set boundaries. Problems that are complex can resolve more easily since you typically are more flexible in your approach. ... You can have fun now by being open to the range of experiences that likely are available to you. Short trips can provide a means to get away from the stress and to reconnect with yourself. Mental accord can quiet your nervous system, and it can allow you to share deeply with others, often without the need for direct communication. Take this opportunity to relax, especially from any psychological fatigue."
 [>> http://www.thefutureminders.com/Neptune-transits/Neptune-Trine-Mercury.cfm]

- Transit Jupiter sextile to my natal Uranus (in my fifth house, the field of creativity]: "A fortunate turn of events can appear often without notice. Although you can be the recipient of good luck, generally you have to make some effort for it to occur. The effect of a positive outlook is usually very apparent now as your beliefs can assist in making the world appear right, at least for the moment. It is also possible that favorable outcomes can happen because you are less concerned with the security of the familiar and more willing to take chances. ... Often it is not of your doing, but it is events that can bring a fresh perspective making it easy to recognize that the old ways are not necessarily the best ways, especially at this time. ... The more that you can open to what is before you, the more likely you will expand the range of what you accept as normal. This can be a time of tremendous growth, especially in your understanding of what is possible."
[>> http://www.thefutureminders.com/Jupiter-transits/Jupiter-Sextile-Uranus.cfm]

Not yet in full manifestation but soon:
- Transit Neptune square to my natal Sun (in my fourth house, my inner self, my home/family]: "During this period of time, you’ll face severe challenges to your sense of identity, and confusion about your life direction. ... The boundaries that define you may become less clear, creating self-doubt, as what you thought was true, appears otherwise. However, it also can open you to new possibilities about yourself that you had not considered. ... This is a bothersome period because the rules of the game are vague if not suspended altogether. ... Your physical energy is extremely low now and you may experience fatigue or a lack of direction and motivation. ... Confusion usually reigns when you seek to preserve the boundaries. Clarity can come when you set no limits and question the influences that define you. " 
[>> http://www.thefutureminders.com/Neptune-transits/Neptune-Square-Sun.cfm]